[PR #1239 DOC REVIEW] Function configuration reference: new code-entry types doc & minor edits (#1311)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/reference/function-configuration/code-entry-types.md

Additional configuration parameters are displayed according to the selected entry type.
When you select to deploy the function, the respective function-configuration parameters are automatically updated based on your dashboard configuration.
The dashboard notes in this reference refer to fields in the **Code** function dashboard tab.

<a id="code-entry-type-image"></a>
## Function-image code-entry type (`image`)

Set the value of the [`spec.image`](/docs/reference/function-configuration.md#spec.image) function-configuration field to the name of a function Docker container image (`[<host name>.]<namespace>.<repository>[:<tag>]`) to deploy the function from this image.

> **Note:** When the `spec.image` field is set, the implied code-entry type is `image` and the `spec.build.codeEntryType` field is ignored. See [Determining the code-entry type](#code-entry-type-determine).

> **Dashboard Note:** To configure a function image from the dashboard, select `Image` from the **Code entry type** list, and then enter the image name in the **URL** field.

<a id="code-entry-type-image-example"></a>
### Example

```yaml
spec:
  description: my Go function

>   image: mydockeruser:my-func:latest

Author: You're right, it was a typo. => FIXED in commit 56f4201.

- Field values that are set only in the downloaded configuration are added to the original configuration.
- List and map field values &mdash; such as `meta.labels` and `spec.env` &mdash;are merged by adding any values that are set only in the downloaded configuration to the values that are set in the original configuration.
- In case of a conflict &mdash; i.e., if the original and downloaded configurations set different values for the same element &mdash; the original configuration takes precedence and the value in the downloaded configuration is ignored.

<a id="code-entry-type-github"></a>
### GitHub code-entry type (`github`)

Set the [`spec.build.codeEntryType`](/docs/reference/function-configuration.md#spec.build.codeEntryType) function-configuration field to `github` (dashboard: **Code entry type** = `GitHub`) to download the function code from a GitHub repository. The following configuration fields provide additional information for performing the download:

- `spec.build` &mdash;
  - `path` (dashboard: **URL**) (Required) &mdash; the URL of the GitHub repository that contains the function code.
  - `codeEntryAttributes` &mdash;

>     -  `branch` (dashboard: **Branch**) (Required) &mdash; the GitHub repository branch from which to download the archive file.

Reviewer: When it is a GitHub code entry type, we don't expect a zip file to be inside the repository, but directories containing functions configuration/code.
see an example for such a repository: https://github.com/sahare92/nuclio-test-funcs/

Author: I know; the mistake was only in the description of the `branch` field (good catch!). => FIXED in commit 044f71d.

- In case of a conflict &mdash; i.e., if the original and downloaded configurations set different values for the same element &mdash; the original configuration takes precedence and the value in the downloaded configuration is ignored.

<a id="code-entry-type-github"></a>
### GitHub code-entry type (`github`)

Set the [`spec.build.codeEntryType`](/docs/reference/function-configuration.md#spec.build.codeEntryType) function-configuration field to `github` (dashboard: **Code entry type** = `GitHub`) to download the function code from a GitHub repository. The following configuration fields provide additional information for performing the download:

- `spec.build` &mdash;
  - `path` (dashboard: **URL**) (Required) &mdash; the URL of the GitHub repository that contains the function code.
  - `codeEntryAttributes` &mdash;
    -  `branch` (dashboard: **Branch**) (Required) &mdash; the GitHub repository branch from which to download the function code.
    - `headers.Authorization` (dashboard: **Token**) (Optional) &mdash; a GitHub access token for download authentication.

>     - `workDir` (dashboard: **Work directory**) (Optional) &mdash; the relative path to the function-code directory within the configured repository branch.

Reviewer 2: If optional then I recommend stating the default behaviour - IIRC if this is not given we default to the root of the target git repository

Author: I initially debated whether to add the default root-directory info and decided it wasn't necessary, but given your comment I've now edited all `workDir` descriptions (for `github`, `archive`, and `s3`) to explicitly refer to the default + I slightly edited the base description for the archive-file types. See commit b7b08e4.

<a id="code-entry-type-github-example"></a>
#### Example

```yaml
spec:
  description: my Go function
  handler: main:Handler
  runtime: golang
  build:
    codeEntryType: "github"
    path: "https://github.com/my-organization/my-repository"
    codeEntryAttributes:
      branch: "my-branch"
      headers:
        Authorization: "my-Github-access-token"
      workDir: "/go/myfunc"
```

<a id="code-entry-type-archive"></a>
### Archive-file code-entry type (`archive`)

> Set the [`spec.build.codeEntryType`](/docs/reference/function-configuration.md#spec.build.codeEntryType) function-configuration field to `archive` (dashboard: **Code entry type** = `Archive`) to download a ZIP archive file of the function code either from an [Iguazio Data Science Platform](https://www.iguazio.com) ("platform") data container or from any URL that doesn't require download authentication. The following configuration fields provide additional information for performing the download:

Reviewer 2: >  ~ZIP~ archive - I think stating "zip" in the config might confuse as per the supported formats and archive extensions.
I suggest to add a list of supported formats (@sahare92 should be able to provide them based on the package we use in the code here)

Author: I was incorrectly under the impression that the archive-file options were restricted to ZIP ... . Sahar has now sent me the list of supported archive formats (`.jar .rar .zip .tar .tar.bz2 .tar.gz .tar.lz4 .tar.sz .tar.xz`) and I edited the doc to remove the specific ZIP references (except in the examples); add a supported formats note in the "External function-code entry types" section (#archive-file-formats); and link to this note from the descriptions of the `archive` and `s3` types. See commit b9df093.

Reviewer 2: Awesome, thank you!

> Set the [`spec.build.codeEntryType`](/docs/reference/function-configuration.md#spec.build.codeEntryType) function-configuration field to `archive` (dashboard: **Code entry type** = `Archive`) to download a ZIP archive file of the function code either from an [Iguazio Data Science Platform](https://www.iguazio.com) ("platform") data container or from any URL that doesn't require download authentication. The following configuration fields provide additional information for performing the download:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the [`spec.build.codeEntryType`](/docs/reference/function-configuration.md#spec.build.codeEntryType) function-configuration field to `archive` (dashboard: **Code entry type** = `Archive`) to download a ZIP archive file of the function code either from one of 2 sources:
- [Iguazio Data Science Platform](https://www.iguazio.com) ("platform") data container - authenticated
- Some other URL that doesn't require download authentication. The following configuration fields provide additional information for performing the download:
```

Maybe my suggestion is a bit janky, but I'm trying to separate the "unauthenticated" case from out native data-container url, so it is not implied that an Iguazio container use-case is unauthenticated :)

Author: I edited the doc in the `archive` code-entry type section, per your suggestion (but phrased a bit differently) + I also added "(authenticated)" after the platform option reference in the `archive` bullet at the start of the parent "External function-code entry types" section; (I decided to keep the description in the "Overview" section as-is). See commit 362260c.

NOTE: I think the source of the problem is the grouping into one code-entry type of the platform ("V3IO") archive file (which has an authenticated download) and all archive files that don't require authentication. I understand that originally we mean for `archive` to be used for all archive download types, including AWS S3, but when we decided to create a separate code-entry type for S3, I think we should have also created a separate type for platform downloads (or create single authenticated-download type for S3 and platform downloads and document which configuration fields are relevant for which download type.) The current unintuitive entry-types division makes it challenging to keep the doc clear yet short and not cumbersome.

Reviewer 2: I understand, we'll make a note of it, maybe v3io should be a separate code entry type indeed, shouldn't be too much work

  - `codeEntryAttributes` &mdash;
    - `headers.X-V3io-Session-Key` (dashboard: **Access key**) (Required for a platform archive file) &mdash; an Iguazio Data Science Platform access key, which is required when the download URL (`spec.build.path`) refers to an archive file in a platform data container.
    - `workDir` (dashboard: **Work directory**) (Required) &mdash; the relative path to the function-code directory within the downloaded archive file.

<a id="code-entry-type-archive-example"></a>
#### Example

```yaml
spec:
  description: my Go function
  handler: main:Handler
  runtime: golang
  build:
    codeEntryType: "archive"
    path: "https://https://webapi.default-tenant.app.mycluster.iguazio.com/users/myuser/my-functions.zip"
    codeEntryAttributes:
      headers:
        X-V3io-Session-Key: "my-platform-access-key"
      workDir: "/go/myfunc"
```

<a id="code-entry-type-s3"></a>
### AWS S3 code-entry type (`s3`)

> Set the [`spec.build.codeEntryType`](/docs/reference/function-configuration.md#spec.build.codeEntryType) function-configuration field to `s3` (dashboard: **Code entry type** = `S3`) to download a ZIP archive file of the function code from an Amazon Simple Storage Service (AWS S3) bucket. The following configuration fields provide additional information for performing the download:

Reviewer 2: Same regarding the ZIP archive + formats

Author: See the reply to the previous comment.
